Update bug report template to identify the editor version better (#21564)
WordPress/gutenberg: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/Bug_report.md

**Screenshots**
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

**Editor version (please complete the following information):**
- WordPress version: [e.g: 5.3.2]
- Does the website has Gutenberg plugin installed, or is it using the block editor that comes by default? [e.g: "gutenberg plugin", "default"]

> - If the Gutenberg is installed what the version is: [e.g., 7.6]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the Gutenberg plugin is installed, which version is it? [e.g., 7.6]
```
